The project contains different approaches using different classifiers and techniques. Each ApproachVn directory is a stand alone implementation.

There is no need to make different branches to implement your own technique. Make a new ApproachVn directory and try to implement your logic there itself. We will decide what to merge and what to keep separated when we finalise the project. 

#Things to note :

1. Please do not modify any other ApproachVn directory apart from your own to avoid merge conflicts :D.

#ApproachV1
(Kanishk)

Bag of words approach, Sample implementation of Classifiers on some data.

#ApproachV2 
(Kanishk)

Bag of words approach, input a user id and the program will mine real time 
twitter data, send it to classifier and the classifier will tell if its a bot or not.

#ApproachV3
(Christopher)
Data Training Part I
1. Step 1 and Step 2 of the 1st paper of the proposal.
2. Cyborg classification can be skipped.
3. End result of this implementation is an intermediate File[1].
4. Training dataset for this section -

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jubins/MachineLearning-Detecting-Twitter-Bots/master/FinalProjectAndCode/kaggle_data/training_data_2_csv_UTF.csv

(Kanishk)
Data Training Part II
1. Step 3 and Step 4 of 1st paper mentioned in the proposal document.
2. Input to this implementation will be an intermediate File[1] generated by ApproachV3.
3. End result of this implementation is a Trained classifier.
4. Test Dataset for this section

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jubins/MachineLearning-Detecting-Twitter-Bots/master/FinalProjectAndCode/kaggle_data/test_data_4_students.csv


#ApproachV4 : TBD
Semantic approach of classifying bots as mentioned in 2nd paper of our proposal.

	

 


